PeTe - Petri Engine exTremE
===========================

Building PeTe
-------------
PeTe is cross-platform, but it might require some tweaks to build it on a
non-unix platform. Following dependencies are required:

  * Qt (>= 4.7)
  * qmake (>= 2.0)
  * UnitTest++ (>= 1.4)
  * GNU Bison (>= 2.4)
  * flex (>= 2.5)

Note the qmake script uses pkg-config to locate UnitTest++, but this dependency
can be removed by removing references to PetriTests from PeTe.pro.

To configure PeTe, run `qmake PeTe.pro`, after which PeTe can be build using make.
No install targets haven't been tested yet, so add the build folder LD_LIBRARY_PATH
when loading PeTe, e.i. launch with `LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$LD_LIBRARY_PATH:. ./PeTe`
(assuming PeTe and libPetriEngine.so is the current directory).

Developing with qt-creator
--------------------------
You can develop and build the project using qt-creator 2.0, please use a
shadow build, and remember to set LD_LIBRARY_PATH in your runtime environment.
You should set it to $LD_LIBRARY_PATH:<path-to-your-shadow-build>

Things to be done
-----------------
  * Check for boundedness
  * Check that query evaluation is correct, with respect to omega
  * Add isCoverabilityCheck to CTLExpr
  * Add msgbox for reachability, where unbounded and not coverability.
  * Undo/redo commands for everything that modifies the network.
  * Refactor MainWindow, don't use designer...
  * Mac Binary, setup virtual machine
  * LLVM evaluation of query
  * Some kind of errorhandling for query parser to avoid sudden death
  * Add mutex to query parser, so we can only have one running at any time


License
-------
At the moment PeTe is made available under the terms of the GNU GPL version 3 or (at your option) any later version. We still working to choose an appropriate license, and if you feel that this doesn't meet your needs please contacts us.

Authors
-------
  * Jonas Finnemann Jensen
  * Thomas Nielsen
  * Lars Kærlund Østergaard

